hi guys um today I want to do a review
on the extensions I talked about in my
last video the hair ten city human and
premium blends hair hair extension um I
got him at Sally's they were $23 I think
for a package that gave me enough for
two sets my okay over there right now
um and I just kinda wanted to talk about
them because you know a lot of people
say that synthetic extensions or blended
extensions because they're not as good
but um I'm gonna tell you these are
amazing like obviously not a beard real
hair would be but for the prints up for
the price they are so good um with the
ones that I already have you know I
tried to curl them for prom that's one
again if you watched my last video um
but I started out I just got him wet and
put them on curlers you know so there
wasn't even any heat on them
unfortunately that didn't curl them so
on the back where is it here it says
curler straighten hair with electric
curler or flat iron before proceeding
past a small strand of hair to determine
optimal cut curling temperature
cricketers should not exceed 340 degrees
Fahrenheit um so you know I decided well
why not I put my curling iron on the low
setting and tried to curl them it
flipped the ends under for like maybe
two minutes and even after putting
hairspray on it it just fell right out
so obviously that didn't work today I
went ahead and put it on the high
setting decided to try it still didn't
curl them but it also didn't damage them
whatsoever um and I also while I was
actually doing my hair my hair doesn't
stay straight very well it doesn't like
me but I was eating my flat iron and uh
you know I was straightening my hair in
layers as I went to
the extensions and so you know I'd pull
like this part up and straighten this
and put that later in and then hold on
you know and do it like that and I
straightened it as I went inside of all
at once so that I can make sure it was a
screen right um and you know I did go
over the extensions a couple times you
know mostly accident right whatever
oh I haven't tried anything over 340 and
I think I have my flat iron set to like
320 right now uh typically don't like to
go any higher than that cuz it just
seems a finer hair but um you know do
you think the extensions out of the
package uh you know they look about like
this really really super super soft you
can just run your fingers through them
you know they're shiny and pretty and
you know like extensions should be
excuse me and even after you know we can
heat on a crap-ton of hairspray I did an
updo for a prime and used so much
hairspray I washed them last year too
the night before to get all that out and
they feel and look just like they did
when they came out of the package I'm so
happy with them um you know and right
now you can see I've got the clips on
there spray but I'm thinking that
because they did so well I and glue them
in that way I don't have to mess with
them every day and they'll be easier to
hide but I guess basically the bottom
line is they are really really really
good extensions for such a low price um
you know they seem like the last card a
long time but I would definitely
recommend them especially if you want
something cheap for more of like a
temporary thing like I was intending
these to be originally you know they
give you a lot in a package you
definitely don't have to worry about not
having enough they're just really good
quality for the price
so that's hair tensity one another sure
sent human and premium
one here they're really nice I like them
a lot so you know if you're trying out
inventions for the first time or
something I would definitely recommend
them they're great and I hope this
helped someone and thank you for
watching and I hope you have a wonderful
day